docs(esl-event-listener): documentation for `ESLWheelTarget` (#2070)
exadel-inc/esl: src/modules/esl-event-listener/README.md

}, onSwipe);
```

<a name="-esleventutilwheel"></a>

### ⚡ `ESLWheelTarget.for` <i class="badge badge-sup badge-success">new</i>

`ESLWheelTarget.for` is a simple way to listen for 'inert' (long wheel) scrolls events on any element.

> This utility detects `wheel` events and based on the distance (`distance`) between start and end `wheel` events and time (`timeout`) between these events, it triggers `longwheel` event on the target element.

Reviewer: Was not 100% true according implementation
```suggestion
This utility detects `wheel` events, and based on the total amount (distance) of `wheel` events and time (`timeout`) between the first and the last events, it triggers `longwheel` event on the target element.
```
